so I'm going to be demonstrating the
absolute easiest way to make probiotic
depends on salad so you guys can make it
at home very quickly very easily so what
I've done here is I've cut up the green
cabbage I've shredded it you can use
purple cabbage as well in this case I
happen to use green cabbage and next I'm
going to take some Celtic sea salt now
the recipe in the Beauty detox solution
this is unpasteurized miso which is
really for flavor and also because miso
is very nutritious but I think the
confusion came from a lot of us think
that that's what creates the bacterial
cultures and that we don't even need the
miso at all
the reason is cabbage is so amazing that
it has a ton of vitamin C and more
vitamin C than oranges actually and a
lot of cleansing properties and the
cabbage itself has natural probiotics
which we're going to start to
proliferate as we culture it so I've
just taken some salt which is going to
give it some flavor a little bit of
shapes through I'm sprinkling it through
and I'm just tossing it through with my
hands so this is the most simplest way
we can make the salad you can also use
caraway seeds you can use ginger root
you can use different things but right
now just as simple as can be so just
sprinkle the salt throughout and I've
taken a really clean this is a little
mason jar for my demo you want to
sterilize and make sure everything that
you're using is really really clean so
what I'm doing now is I'm just packing
it down here's the really important part
if you're using a wide jar can actually
with your fist to pound down or you
could use anything you have on hand
I'm using the back of this wooden spoon
most important thing as
really press the cabbage down what we're
doing is we're compressing out the air
and that's really really important as
we're making the salad so you want to go
in stages and layers and you want to
just keep pressing down quite firmly and
just pushing the air out of there it's a
big one of the biggest things I see
people doing is that they're not packing
their salad in enough and then too much
air gets in and it could create mold and
other issues okay so this final layer
here I'm doing for this mini little jar
maybe I'll do it a little bit more keep
pressing down there's many different
ways to do culture cabbage and other
vegetables but this is the one that I
like because it keeps it nice and secure
in when you're storing it and you can
actually it'll be right in a couple days
but I have a batch in there that I've
been keeping a couple weeks you can just
know one to four weeks is how long you
can keep it if you go away for a couple
days so it's something that can take a
little bit more time to culture and when
it's in jars like this it keeps it nice
and secure and sealed off so now I've
got a couple inches from the top so what
I'm going to do now is I'm going to take
this filtered water never use tap water
for this because tap water has some
chlorine and elements which might kill
the natural probiotics and we're going
to cover it just to the level of the top
of the cabbage and this is going to
start to make a nice brine we know now
that the salt is going to also draw out
more moisture from the
savage but everything is going to expand
we don't need to do any more water than
that before I started shredding the
cabbage I took some of the nice whole
leaves here and what I'm going to do is
I'm going to start to roll them tightly
and I'm going to pack them in to the
rest of the space again this is all
going to compress and change as the
probiotics start to proliferate
everything's going to start to expand
this is going to push the leaves up and
the leaves are actually in contact with
some air at the top so a really common
question I get is oh there's black spots
on the leaves
does it spoil the whole jar I say
generally no that has to do with the
contact with the air be sure to smell
your salad before you try it use your
common sense if it smells like it's gone
off for some reason don't eat it but in
general because the contact of the air
there's just some black spots in the
upper leaves you can discard them and
then the rest of your mixture which is
safe in the anaerobic Brian underneath
the water should still be okay okay so I
packed in the leaves pack them up as
much as you can and do one more to the
top great so now I'm going to firmly
place the top on the jar and usually
what I do is I take a piece of masking
tape and I write the date that I started
the batch now we're coming into summer
so there's a lot of air conditioning I
use
you can keep your bachelors in a nice
cool dark cabinet I use these
temperature controlled bags just because
there's a lot of fluctuation here in the
house with air-conditioner and this
keeps them at a nice temperature you
want to take them about 70 to 75 degrees
is ideal so actually store them in my
little bags my which is quite convenient
and I keep them in the other room and it
keeps them at a nice temperature you can
also check the temperature of course
this is uh I have another mixture in
here which I started about a week ago
which is almost ready to go you can
start to see the little bubbles I mean
the probiotics are starting to come up
and again I'll just throw out these top
leaves oh and there's one more mixture I
wanted to show you before we go to show
you how creative you can get this is a
big shirt purple cabbage and green
cabbage and sort of makes a pretty pink
so I hope this really helps you guys
make the probiotic and salads probiotic
enzyme salad at home remember it's
really important to have try have half a
cup of day with dinner and help
everything digest will help clean out
your system you'll get a lot of enzymes
probiotics the vitamins your food will
synthesize better and your skin is going
to start looking a lot better as well